hello everybody this week's camera is
the minolta maximum 7000 it was
introduced in 1985 this one's a somewhat
later one doesn't have the crossed exes
exxonmobil though back then it was just
exxon sued them because it looked too
much like their logo or Minolta they
were also sued by Honeywell for some of
what went into the autofocus there were
some earlier autofocus cameras and
motorized film advance but this was the
first production camera to feature both
it was built around the automation uses
the minolta a mount which continues
today as the amount in the Sony Alpha
series after obviously is Linda Lin's
dependent this one's a little bit of a
step up from the kit lens the 35 to 70
millimeter this is a 28 to 85 F 3.5 the
widest and a 4.5 at max zoom shutter
goes from 1 mm of a second to 30 seconds
and when it's in program mode or
aperture priority mode the shutter speed
is stepless so it can match the exposure
exactly if you're in manual mode it has
the same range but it goes in normal
single stop steps they'll read ISO 25 to
6400 or 25 to a thousand if you're using
through the lens flash metering the DX
can be overridden so you can tweak
things or if you you know load your own
film and don't have a DX encoding
canister the stock grip takes four
triple-a batteries there was a bigger
one that took doublea's there was
another one that took a 6 volt lithium
battery and there's even another one
with a cord so you can have a battery
pack in your pocket for extra power if
you're shooting and really really
cold conditions I got this beast of a
flash it's the maximum four thousand ATF
they had kind of small medium and large
this one is large as a twenty eight to
seventy millimeter zoom head guide
number forty meters this thing will
throw a flash out to a hundred and
thirty one feet it's a pretty amazing
flash and it's pretty tightly integrated
with the maxim cameras shooting modes
this thing has program mode where it
does everything but zoom that's the only
piece they did not made on these
aperture priority shutter priority full
manual the Kemp button the interface
where you select the mode and then use
these buttons to step through the values
it takes a little bit of getting used to
if you're used to you know manual camera
rings for anything or even a modern DSLR
where you know you're flipping through
the met menus to do things but once you
use them a little bit it's really
well-thought-out really easy to use so
I'll run a couple rolls through it and
I'll see you then